JP-3488 Input files to outlier_detection accidentally deleted (#8263)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Removed ``grow`` from the ``outlier_detection`` step parameters,
  because it's no longer used in the algorithms. [#8190]

> - Fixed bug to remove input file if _cal not in the name. [#8263]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug in removing intermediate files, so that the search for intermediate
  files does not rely on the input files having a "cal" suffix, which was causing
  original input files to accidentally get deleted instead of just the intermediate
  files. [#8263]
```
